you
in the tenth year in the tenth month on
in the tenth year in the tenth month on the 12th day of the month the word of
the 12th day of the month the word of
the 12th day of the month the word of the Lord came to me son of man set your
the Lord came to me son of man set your
the Lord came to me son of man set your face against Pharaoh king of Egypt and
face against Pharaoh king of Egypt and
face against Pharaoh king of Egypt and prophesy against him and against all
prophesy against him and against all
prophesy against him and against all Egypt speak and say thus says the Lord
Egypt speak and say thus says the Lord
Egypt speak and say thus says the Lord God behold I am against you o Pharaoh
God behold I am against you o Pharaoh
God behold I am against you o Pharaoh king of Egypt
king of Egypt
king of Egypt o great monster who lies in the midst of
o great monster who lies in the midst of
o great monster who lies in the midst of his rivers who has said my river is my
his rivers who has said my river is my
his rivers who has said my river is my own I have made it for myself but I will
own I have made it for myself but I will
own I have made it for myself but I will put hooks in your jaws and cause the
put hooks in your jaws and cause the
put hooks in your jaws and cause the fish of your rivers to stick to your
fish of your rivers to stick to your
fish of your rivers to stick to your scales I will bring you up out of the
scales I will bring you up out of the
scales I will bring you up out of the midst of your rivers and all the fish in
midst of your rivers and all the fish in
midst of your rivers and all the fish in your rivers will stick to your scales I
your rivers will stick to your scales I
your rivers will stick to your scales I will leave you in the wilderness you and
will leave you in the wilderness you and
will leave you in the wilderness you and all the fish of your rivers you shall
all the fish of your rivers you shall
all the fish of your rivers you shall fall on the open field you shall not be
fall on the open field you shall not be
fall on the open field you shall not be picked up or gathered I have given you
picked up or gathered I have given you
picked up or gathered I have given you as food to the beasts of the field and
as food to the beasts of the field and
as food to the beasts of the field and to the birds of the heavens then all the
to the birds of the heavens then all the
to the birds of the heavens then all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I
inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I
inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am the Lord because they have been a
am the Lord because they have been a
am the Lord because they have been a staff of reed to the house of israel
staff of reed to the house of israel
staff of reed to the house of israel when they took hold of you with the hand
when they took hold of you with the hand
when they took hold of you with the hand you broke and tall all their shoulders
you broke and tall all their shoulders
you broke and tall all their shoulders when they lean on you you broke and made
when they lean on you you broke and made
when they lean on you you broke and made all their backs quiver therefore thus
all their backs quiver therefore thus
all their backs quiver therefore thus says the Lord God surely I will bring a
says the Lord God surely I will bring a
says the Lord God surely I will bring a sword upon you and cut off from you man
sword upon you and cut off from you man
sword upon you and cut off from you man and beast and the land of Egypt shall
and beast and the land of Egypt shall
and beast and the land of Egypt shall become desolate and waste
become desolate and waste
become desolate and waste then they will know that I am the Lord
then they will know that I am the Lord
then they will know that I am the Lord because he said the river is mine and I
because he said the river is mine and I
because he said the river is mine and I have made it
have made it
have made it indeed therefore I am against you and
indeed therefore I am against you and
indeed therefore I am against you and against your rivers and I will make the
against your rivers and I will make the
against your rivers and I will make the land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate
land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate
land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate from migdal to Syene II as far as the
from migdal to Syene II as far as the
from migdal to Syene II as far as the border of Ethiopia neither foot of man
border of Ethiopia neither foot of man
border of Ethiopia neither foot of man shall pass through it nor foot a beast
shall pass through it nor foot a beast
shall pass through it nor foot a beast pass through it and it shall be
pass through it and it shall be
pass through it and it shall be uninhabited 40 years I will make the
uninhabited 40 years I will make the
uninhabited 40 years I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of
land of Egypt desolate in the midst of
land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate and
the countries that are desolate and
the countries that are desolate and among the cities that are laid waste her
among the cities that are laid waste her
among the cities that are laid waste her cities shall be desolate 40 years and I
cities shall be desolate 40 years and I
cities shall be desolate 40 years and I will scatter the Egyptians among the
will scatter the Egyptians among the
will scatter the Egyptians among the nations and disperse them throughout the
nations and disperse them throughout the
nations and disperse them throughout the countries yet thus says the Lord God at
countries yet thus says the Lord God at
countries yet thus says the Lord God at the end of 40 years I will gather the
the end of 40 years I will gather the
the end of 40 years I will gather the Egyptians from the peoples among whom
Egyptians from the peoples among whom
Egyptians from the peoples among whom they were scattered I will bring back
they were scattered I will bring back
they were scattered I will bring back the captives of Egypt and cause them to
the captives of Egypt and cause them to
the captives of Egypt and cause them to return to the land of Patras to the land
return to the land of Patras to the land
return to the land of Patras to the land of their origin and there they shall be
of their origin and there they shall be
of their origin and there they shall be a lowly Kingdom it shall be the lowliest
a lowly Kingdom it shall be the lowliest
a lowly Kingdom it shall be the lowliest of kingdoms it shall never again exalt
of kingdoms it shall never again exalt
of kingdoms it shall never again exalt itself above the nations for I will
itself above the nations for I will
itself above the nations for I will diminish them so that they will not rule
diminish them so that they will not rule
diminish them so that they will not rule over the nations anymore no longer shall
over the nations anymore no longer shall
over the nations anymore no longer shall it be the confidence of the house of
it be the confidence of the house of
it be the confidence of the house of Israel but will remind them of their
Israel but will remind them of their
Israel but will remind them of their iniquity when they turn to follow them
iniquity when they turn to follow them
iniquity when they turn to follow them then they shall know that I am the Lord
then they shall know that I am the Lord
then they shall know that I am the Lord God
God
God and it came to pass in the 27th year in
and it came to pass in the 27th year in
and it came to pass in the 27th year in the first month on the first day of the
the first month on the first day of the
the first month on the first day of the month that the word of the Lord came to
month that the word of the Lord came to
month that the word of the Lord came to me son of man Nebuchadnezzar king of
me son of man Nebuchadnezzar king of
me son of man Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon caused his army to labor
Babylon caused his army to labor
Babylon caused his army to labor strenuously against time every head was
strenuously against time every head was
strenuously against time every head was made bald and every shoulder rubbed raw
made bald and every shoulder rubbed raw
made bald and every shoulder rubbed raw yet neither he nor his army received
yet neither he nor his army received
yet neither he nor his army received wages from tyre for the labor which they
wages from tyre for the labor which they
wages from tyre for the labor which they expended on it surely I will give the
expended on it surely I will give the
expended on it surely I will give the land of Egypt to Nebuchadnezzar king of
land of Egypt to Nebuchadnezzar king of
land of Egypt to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon he shall take away her wealth
Babylon he shall take away her wealth
Babylon he shall take away her wealth carry off her spoil and remove her
carry off her spoil and remove her
carry off her spoil and remove her pillage and that will be the wages for
pillage and that will be the wages for
pillage and that will be the wages for his army I have given him the land of
his army I have given him the land of
his army I have given him the land of Egypt for his labor because they worked
Egypt for his labor because they worked
Egypt for his labor because they worked for me in that day I will cause the Horn
for me in that day I will cause the Horn
for me in that day I will cause the Horn of the house of Israel to spring forth
of the house of Israel to spring forth
of the house of Israel to spring forth and I will open your mouth to speak in
and I will open your mouth to speak in
and I will open your mouth to speak in their midst then they shall know that I
their midst then they shall know that I
their midst then they shall know that I am